what's up everybody miss Jeremy um I
want to show you an application that I'm
sure a lot of people have already heard
up and seen and whatever but it's an
application that it's really really nice
for keeping people off of your computer
I would use this on an imac or a macbook
nobody really tries to mess with my
computer so I don't use it that often
but if you have a macbook and you you
know take it to class or you know take
it anywhere where there's other people
around that you don't know and don't
trust i'm going to highly highly
recommend this it's called i alert you
there's no like real preferences up here
for anything like that all it is is up
here in the minibar just one little icon
about i alert you just tells you the
version number who like the company that
made it it's a really really small
simple application just really nice if
your check for an update um at your
preferences how long you want the alarm
to go off how sensitive you want the
motion to be on it as far as like moving
the mouse or somebody messing with your
trackpad or keyboard or anything like
that you can set what you want to
trigger it which these are all for the
macbook only the ones that are marked
out that i can't click you got your
trackpad or mouse keyboard I've got both
of those set it'll actually take an
image if somebody has like if somebody
tries to open your macbook which this
why is that i really recommend this
because if it gets stolen it actually
takes a picture using your internal
eyesight and then it emails you that
picture so I've actually heard a story
of a girl the gutter macbook stolen and
I alert you emailed the picture to her
she sent that to the cops and they
actually found the person stole my
but so that's why I definitely would
recommend this even more so for a
macbook than an imac but you know it's
good for keeping people off of your
stuff regardless um i'm going to ahead
and do this really quick and show you
the what it does when it locks you just
go down to arm system and once you do
this it brings up a screen and what i'm
going to do is set off the alarm and
then you just type the password you
don't like hit enter or return or space
or anything to bring up a bar you just
type it on the actual screen saw show
you that real quick I'm you've got to
type in your password to set it and now
that it's set I'm going to move my mouse
and you're going to watch this thing go
crazy your guys got a rumor and calculus
morning and it shuts it off um it's that
actually it just took the picture okay
just now I heard it emailed to me I
think it actually used my external
eyesight to email it because i'm using
the internal to do this okay oh man
there we go there's the picture so if i
was somebody trying to steal a computer
there you go there's the picture in my
email I just get that to a cop taken to
the police station whatever and
hopefully they you know put that out on
the news or whatever and anybody that's
gotten ahold of that macbook their face
is going to be seen whether they know it
or not so like I said even if this is
just some of you keep in your home to
lock your computer to keep your brother
or sister you know whatever off of it
very nice i'm definitely recommend it
especially like i said with a macbook if
you take your macbook out and you know
to class and leave it or anything like
that which i would recommend you in any
way but i just figured i'd make a quick
video about this application as always I
want you to subscribe rate my videos
comment then any stuff like that add me
skype aim anything i figure out what
else i have on you yeah so like i said
if you have video request your citizen
I'll you know try to get you a video out
on whatever it is you want
and until next time that is all